README.md, before:

# docker-rpi-jeedom
## Raspberry Docker images for Jeedom

###jeedom folder:
* Docker build and compose files to generate / run a Jeedom image for Raspberry Pi
(MySQL not included, ready for OpenZWave plugin installation).
* Image available on Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom/

###jeedom-oz folder:
* Same as above except that OpenZWave plugin is installed during image generation.
* Image available on Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-oz/

###jeedom-data folder:
* Image to build the volume container that will store MySQL files
* Image available on Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-data/



###How to use these images:
Easiest way is to get either https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-oz/docker-compose.yml (OpenZWave plugin installed) or https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom/docker-compose.yml (OpenZWave plugin not installed) and launch:
``` docker-compose up```

Then go to http://<raspberry ip>/ and start the installation. MySQL hostname is jeedom-mysql and password is 'password' (can be changed in docker-compose.yml file).

####Remark:
To use tmpfs filesystem for log files and prevent SD card wearout, you can launch the jeedom container with specific parameter (will be added in docker-compose.yml once tmpfs will be supported - currently it is only available in 1.7 RC1 version):

```
sudo docker stop jeedom
sudo docker rm jeedom
sudo docker run -d --link jeedom-mysql:mysql --device=/dev/ttyACM0:/dev/ttyACM0 --name jeedom --mac-address="b8:27:eb:3c:08:33" -p 80:80 -p 8083:8083 -p 443:443 --tmpfs /tmp:rw,size=32M --tmpfs /var/log:rw,size=32M --tmpfs /var/www/html/log:rw,size=32M  sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-oz
```

Commit message:

restart policy set to always and note added about devices section.

README.md, after:

# docker-rpi-jeedom
## Raspberry Docker images for Jeedom

###jeedom folder:
* Docker build and compose files to generate / run a Jeedom image for Raspberry Pi
(MySQL not included, ready for OpenZWave plugin installation).
* Image available on Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom/

###jeedom-oz folder:
* Same as above except that OpenZWave plugin is installed during image generation.
* Image available on Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-oz/

###jeedom-data folder:
* Image to build the volume container that will store MySQL files
* Image available on Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-data/



###How to use these images:
Easiest way is to get either https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-oz/docker-compose.yml (OpenZWave plugin installed) or https://hub.docker.com/r/sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom/docker-compose.yml (OpenZWave plugin not installed) and launch:
``` docker-compose up```

Then go to http://<raspberry ip>/ and start the installation. MySQL hostname is jeedom-mysql and password is 'password' (can be changed in docker-compose.yml file).

####Remark 1:
If no ZWave USB key is present (such as the UZB1) then remove the devices section from the docker-compose.yml filedevices section from the docker-compose.yml file.
####Remark 2:
To use tmpfs filesystem for log files and prevent SD card wearout, you can launch the jeedom container with specific parameter (will be added in docker-compose.yml once tmpfs will be supported - currently it is only available in 1.7 RC1 version):

```
sudo docker stop jeedom
sudo docker rm jeedom
sudo docker run -d --link jeedom-mysql:mysql --device=/dev/ttyACM0:/dev/ttyACM0 --name jeedom --mac-address="b8:27:eb:3c:08:33" -p 80:80 -p 8083:8083 -p 443:443 --tmpfs /tmp:rw,size=32M --tmpfs /var/log:rw,size=32M --tmpfs /var/www/html/log:rw,size=32M  sbeuzit/rpi-jeedom-oz
```
